Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.
Questions answered by - tmwalker631
1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java?
1. There exists a large learning curve when learning a programming language such as Java because one must first learn
an entirely new language, and computer programming languages are unforgiving when it comes to mistakes.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
2. Learning to program is ultimately about learning to think logically and methodically.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
3. Scratch lowers the bar to programming by allowing the programmer to focus on problems as opposed to syntax.

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
4. A statement in programming language is simply a directive telling the computer to do something.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
5. In programming, a Boolean Expression is one that is either true or false.

6) What is a conditional statement?
6. A conditional statement is a statement that evaluates something as true or false.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
7. A loop is used to induce multiple executions of a statement.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
8. In Scratch, as an example, local variables can be used by only one sprite, while global variables can be used by all
sprites.

9) What is a Boolean variable?
9. A Boolean Variable is a variable that can only take on a value of true or false.

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
10. Any block in scratch that begins with the word "when" can be considered a thread.

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
11. Blocks in scratch beginning with the word "when" are considered event handlers.

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
12. 9 sprites are used in Oscartime.

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
13. Only one thread is used in Oscartime's game instructions.

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
14. Oscartime's Oscar sprite uses 3 threads.

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
15. Scratch does not support methods, parameters, return values, inheritance, and polymorphism.
